>> Steve Kinney: The next one is
called zero shot classification.
And this is basically looking at strings
of text and maybe having a bunch
of categories and figuring out how
to correctly categorize stuff.
So if you wanted to take either
a piece of content of some sort and
have a set of tags and
be able to automatically tag stuff and
classify stuff, which could work for
the very first thing that probably popped
into all of our heads, which is like,
I could tag blog posts with that.
Yes, you could.
That was the first thing that popped
into my head, so I'm not judging you.
Still the first thing that
popped in my head today.
The other things you can
do is start to figure out,
okay, could we then fine tune a model,
figure out for
the data coming into our applications
that's probably fraudulent,
that's probably bad in some way, shape or
form or unwanted in our application.
And when we start to put some
of these other things together,
plus zero shop classification
plus fine tuning a model, again,
the interesting part is no,
given one topic that we cover,
the interesting part is the kind of wild
intersections amongst multiple parts.
So you can apply one label,
multiple labels.
We'll see all this stuff
when we play around with it.
The next one that we'll kind of
look at in our first tour of,
of machine learning,
AI what have you is if text generation
is guess the next word,
a fill mask is almost like mad libs,
right where there's a blank
in the sentence somewhere and
it uses both the words that came before
it and the words that come after
to provide enough context to make a solid
guess on what the next best word is.
And so effectively,
if you think about ChatGPT and
all these other things
with your text generation,
they're almost tying one hand behind their
back, which is you have the ability with
something like film mask to look
before that word and after that word.
But if you're just trying to generate
text and not necessarily fill in pieces,
then obviously looking forward,
you don't have a forward to look at and
you might not even want
to look at forward.
So you only wanna look it back.
And we'll actually see how that works
when we get to like tokenization and
embeddings and all of the like inner
workings and plumbing of a lot of this
stuff in the second ish chapter, arguably,
if sentiment analysis is the hello world.
Summarization is probably like the first
thing that we think of with a lot of the,
you know, the original,
prior to, you know,
all the LLMs tools of just like taking
long pieces of text, making shorter ones,
then you play a game called Brevity
versus Information Retention.
You make it too short, you've sucked out
all the meaning and it doesn't matter.
And if you make it too long,
then why did you do this?
So it becomes an interesting
game there as well.
But you have all those parameters and
knobs that you can play along with,
play around with, so on and whatnot.
And then the other one,
which is super cool.
Actually, I don't necessarily.
I can be like,
I have an immediate use case for this one,
but we could probably riff and
come up with a bunch,
which is take a look at some text and
let's figure out all of the nouns, right?
You can figure out who are all the people,
who are all the places, organizations.
There's just large corpuses of
data that help you just pull out.
Okay, is Jimmy Carter mentioned in this?
You can pull out effectively all of
the various different things I mentioned.
Use that again and think about how that
fills in with some of these other tools.
And the last one, which we won't touch
too much today, is just translation.
And there are a whole bunch of models
out there that obviously can power this.
The nice part about those is
that the names of the models
tend to suggest exactly
what those models might.
The translations that they do.
For instance, you can take a lucky
guess what the translation en2de does.
It translates from English to German.
And so a lot of those tools as well,
I think are super interesting.